Group prose additions (#5493)
nteract/nteract: docs/groups/binder-group.md

# Binder

> The **Binder** group contains the SDK packages for working with [Binder](https://mybinder.org) specifications. This group supports users and Binder APIs providing features such as connecting to notebooks, notebook servers, as well as notebook instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Binder** group contains the SDK packages for working with [Binder](https://mybinder.org) specifications. This group allows developers to leverage Binder APIs to provide features such as connecting to notebooks, notebook servers, as well as notebook instances.
```

**Table of contents**

> [TOC]  

Reviewer: Do we have a plan for what to do about this ToC headers?

Author: The `[TOC]` text shows 2-3 headers deep of the layout and comes from the `markdown_extensions` in the main mkdocs.yml file. It builds as a normal ToC for the live page.
